chore: add callout about using batching with preference conditions (#660)
knocklabs/docs: content/preferences/preference-conditions.mdx

With preference conditions you can add additional custom expressions to a `PreferenceSet`, where the notification is only sent if all preferences (including the preference condition statement) evaluate to `true`.

<Callout
  emoji="⚠️"
  text={
    <>
      <span className="font-bold">Batch processing limitation.</span> When using
      a <a href="/designing-workflows/batch-function">batch function</a>,

>       preference conditions will only be evaluated against the first item in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      preference conditions for subsequent channel steps will only be evaluated against the first activity in the
```
Attempting to make this as clear as possible, batching and preference conditions can be very confusing 🥴
